docs(website): Comparison with Rspress (#10822)
facebook/docusaurus: website/docs/introduction.mdx

In comparison with statically generated HTML and interactivity added using `<script />` tags, Docusaurus sites are React apps. Using modern JavaScript ecosystem tooling, we hope to set new standards on doc sites' performance, asset building pipeline and optimizations, and ease to set up.

### Rspress {#rspress}

> [Rspress](https://rspress.dev/index) is a fast static site generator based on Rspack, a Rust-based bundler. It supports content writing with MDX (Markdown with React components), integrated text search, multilingual support (i18n), and extensibility through plugins. Designed for creating elegant documentation and static websites, Rspress produces static HTML files that are easy to deploy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Rspress](https://rspress.dev/) is a fast static site generator based on Rspack, a Rust-based bundler. It supports content writing with MDX (Markdown with React components), integrated text search, multilingual support (i18n), and extensibility through plugins. Designed for creating elegant documentation and static websites, Rspress produces static HTML files that are easy to deploy.
```

> Docusaurus stands out for its maturity, comprehensive feature set and strong community support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rspress and Docusaurus are quite similar. They both have their pros and cons. Rspress was created more recently and benefits from a modern infrastructure that enables faster site builds. Docusaurus stands out for its maturity, comprehensive feature set, flexibility, and strong community. It is also [modernizing its infrastructure](https://github.com/facebook/docusaurus/issues/10556) regularly to remain competitive in terms of performance.
```
